= JSLSO

== What is it?

A bridge from JavaScript to Adobe Flash's local shared objects, also known as Flash cookies.

== How do I install it?

1. Put jslso.swf and jslso.js on your webserver.
2. Update the contents of jslso.js so that the url-variable on line 6 contains the path to jslso.swf.
3. Include jslso.js on the pages where you want to access Flash cookies.
4. A global object called "SharedObject" now exposes a JavaScript-API that you can start using.

== How do I use the API?

SharedObject has a single method for interacting with Flash cookies. It's called 'getLocal' and works like Flash's own {SharedObject.getLocal}[http://www.adobe.com/support/flash/action_scripts/local_shared_object/local_shared_object05.html]. NOTE: The object returned by jslso's getLocal does not look exactly like Flash's, even though very similar.

The objects returned by getLocal has the following methods:

* flush (corresponds to {Flash's flush}[http://www.adobe.com/support/flash/action_scripts/local_shared_object/local_shared_object04.html])
* getSize (corresponds to {Flash's getSize}[http://www.adobe.com/support/flash/action_scripts/local_shared_object/local_shared_object06.html])
* close - Flushes and closes the shared object. Doesn't take any arguments.
* getData - Returns the whole data set for this shared object. Doesn't take any arguments.
* deleteData - Deletes one key (and it's value) from the shared object. Takes the key as argument.
* setData - Sets the value of a key in the shared object. Takes the key as it's first argument and the value as the second.

The global SharedObject has 2 optional callbacks that the user can define:

* onload - Invoked when the jslso.swf is finished loading. Doesn't take any arguments.
* debugLog - Invoked whenever something happens on the Flash-side of things. Takes a single string argument containing a message. Called alot, with boring messages. Recommended for debugging only.

== License:

(The MIT License)

Copyright © 2010 Jakob Mattsson

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the ‘Software’), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ‘AS IS’, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
